Announce the first community meeting (#162)
kubewarden/kubewarden.io: content/blog/2022/12/community-meeting.md

---
title: Community meeting is coming
authors:
- Olivier Vernin
date: 2022-12-21
---

Community meetings have been a recurring demand from different sides and with the new year approaching,

> It's time to take our first good resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's time to make our first good resolution.
```

> To improve community feedback, The Kubewarden project decided to organize a monthly community meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve community feedback, the Kubewarden project has decided to organize a monthly community meeting.
```

The first community meeting to be held is scheduled for January 12th, 2023 at 4 PM UTC.

> On top of the GitHub Discussion, GitHub issues, and the Kubewarden channel on the CNCF Slack channel, the community meeting is an additional opportunity to meet and discuss Kubewarden and shape its future together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to [GitHub Discussions](link here), [GitHub issues](link here), and the **#kubewarden** channel on the [Kubernetes Slack](link here), the community meeting is an additional avenue for the community to discuss Kubewarden and shape its future together.
```

Author: I just added links to your suggestion

> Feel free to join us at https://zoom.us/j/92928111886

Reviewer: Ideally, I would not link this here since it could be misused. Y'all should create a google group with the Kubewarden DL & create a recurring monthly invite that people can receive in their inbox.

Author: I hesitated to mention it here for the exact reason you just explain

Author: I am removing the link

Author: ```suggestion
Feel free to join us
```
